## Start of StMary's Gate

- `Year 492, Oraland.` - An earthquake shakes the peaceful region of Oraland. The peasants, working as usual in the fields, observe the surroundings, worried about this event. The guard of the different cities of Oraland is preparing for an invasion, while the birds fly away and the beasts panic. Vases break, objects fall, the whole region is plunged into fear. Suddenly, the calm. Everything seems to have returned to normal, but it is only an illusion. A few minutes later, we notice circles of diabolical incantations in different regions of the world. These circles, of a flaming red, begin to shine, and open within them a portal. In an instant, monsters all more diabolical than the others escape from them: These Gates offer a direct path to Purgatory.

- `Nowadays, Talon | Griffon Marin Place.` - The Gates have still not been closed. The inhabitants have become accustomed to this permanent danger of monsters roaming the lands of Oraland, but also of Deryn, and have learned for many the Art of War. The **King, Gyr Talon**, of the region of Oraland and the capital of it, **Talon**, has been working for a few years on a secret project: To dive into the Gates to understand their origin, and to close them once and for all, and forever. On the **Griffon Marin Place**, his faithful general in chief of the armies, the **Marshal Thorne**, recruits at an advantageous price soldiers, with a bold character, and nerves of steel, motivated for this dangerous expedition into the unknown, when he sees you demonstrating the sword to a child, and immediately sees your potential.

`Dialogue ID 1` - [Thorne Marshal](../characters/Thorne_Marshal.md#dialog-11)
